---
layout: page
title: "Blog Posts"
permalink: /BlogPosts
---
Below is the Blog Post for submission to Canvas:
Today was an experience. As a current cybersecurity student, who has mostly only focused on grades and on class projects, I have little experience using applications that I hadn’t used in school. GitHub is one of these. GitHub is a software development site that houses developers various coding projects and sites. It is used as a free open source software that helps developers. In this assignment I was tasked to create a GitHub page and blog to post to. This was an intimidating task at first as I have never used GitHub to this extent and really only glossed over the content of the website. However, I still went through with building the blog site. At first, I had to learn how to even move around the site as I was still a novice in that aspect. I then learned what branches and pull requests were in the form of many YouTube videos. I started out using a skill tutorial to build the blog with GitHub pages and made a rudimentary blog from the tutorial.
It started out with a minimal theme that I wanted to figure out how to change as I wanted something with more fun details. At first, I wanted to go with the typical hacker theme which was cool but in the long run I went with something more timeless and classical the time machine theme. At first when I tried to run the update to the configuration file for the blog it didn’t work, I found I was using the wrong syntax for implementing the theme, so I had to research and find the correct syntax. I ended up updating the theme. 
Before submitting this blog to my professor, I wanted to add a few final touches such as changing the title name as well as making a section for my blog post to be read. I however got into a few hiccups. When trying to create post and an about section the theme I originally chose would not allow the configuration of these things from within my repository so I had to go back into my config file and pick a different theme that would allow me to have an About page and show my blog post. After implementing the theme, I could now see the about page and blog post I was having trouble with before. After overcoming that hiccup of picking the right theme for the specific layout I wanted it was easy to create more additions to the site and even add this story to my site. As a first-time user of GitHub pages, I would say this was pretty simplistic and easy to use with a little bumps here and there. I could see myself using it more as I learn more about the features and coding in general. 
